Added section on file sharing with details on IPFS mapping (#84)
dcdpr/did-btc1: chapters/File-Sharing.md

## File Sharing

All files in this specification, except for deterministically generated initial
DID documents, are identified by their SHA256 cryptographic hash calculated
according to the [JSON Canonicalization and Hash] algorithm. As a resolver goes
through the resolution process, it encounters one or more document hashes, which
it uses to identify the files of interest. There are two ways in which these
files may be shared.

While it's possible for a single **did:btc1** identifier to mix the two file

> sharing mechanisms, it is not recommended.

Reviewer: I think we should say why here. Or maybe you do later?

Author: I can change it to:

...it is not recommended, as it may complicate file management and error analysis.

Basically, having two ways of managing the files for a DID is a recipe for bugs. It can be done, and the algorithms as I've laid them out don't care, but it means more debugging when a verifier can't find a file.

Reviewer: I think also the benefit of using IPFS is resolution is possible from just the did:btc1 identifier. As soon as you mix approaches to have sidecar, then this is never true again

Author: True except for SMTBeacon, which always requires an externally-provided proof of (non-)inclusion.

### Sidecar

Sidecar is a mechanism by which a file is provided alongside the **did:btc1**
identifier being resolved. This is analogous to a sidecar on a motorcycle
bringing along a second passenger: the DID controller provides the DID Document
history (in the form of JSON Patch transformations) alongside the DID to the
relying party so that the resolver can construct the DID Document.

In short, when a resolver is presented with a **did:btc1** identifier, it is
also presented with files matching the SHA256 hashes it encounters during the
resolution process. If any SHA256 hash doesn't have a corresponding file, the
resolution fails.

### Content-Addressable Storage (CAS)

> Content-Addressable Storage (CAS) is a mechanism by which a file is stored
> based on its content, not its name or location. The content address is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content-Addressable Storage (CAS) is a mechanism by which a file stored is addressed by its content, not its name or location. The content address is
```

determined by a cryptographic hash of the file. The hash is then passed into a
retrieval function specific to the type of CAS to retrieve the file.

Any CAS that provides a deterministic mapping from a SHA256 hash of a file may

> be used, and a resolver SHOULD be informed of the specific CAS mechanism so that

Reviewer: So this is fine. And I think I agree, but we need to define an approach for how this can be done. I am not sure the spec has this yet.

Reviewer 2: An approach for "how a resolver retrieves a file from CAS" sounds like an implementation detail, but maybe I'm not fully understanding.

It seems like section [4.2.1.2.2 CAS Retrieval
](https://dcdpr.github.io/did-btc1/#cas-retrieval) does a very specific job of outlining how to retrieve from IPFS specifically. If anything, we may need to abstract that section slightly to be more generally inclusive of CAS systems and the maybe a sub section for "IPFS Retrieval."

Author: I don't think there's a way to define a generic approach. IPFS is the only CAS we know of that has a SHA256 mapping, so we can be specific about that, but any other CAS would have to have its own documentation.

Reviewer: I think we should create a different issue to explore Nostr. I think it could be interesting, but don't know enough about it. Dont think it currently supports content addressing, but surely it could

it can retrieve documents associated with a **did:btc1** identifier efficiently.
If the CAS mechanism is not provided, the resolver MAY iterate through all

> supported CAS mechanisms to find the files or it MAY return with an error

Reviewer: This also is fine, but lets define the error similar to here - https://w3c.github.io/did-resolution/#errors

Probably we need our own errors section, I think did:btc1 is going to define a few

Author: I need to review the errors in both this and the Beacons rewrite. I'll take care of it.

Reviewer: Great thanks Kevin. There is an issue #73, perhaps you could do all this in one PR?

Reviewer: Resolving this as we can handle it in a separate PR

file is structured as a
[Merkle Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)](https://docs.ipfs.tech/concepts/merkle-dag/),
where each node is a block of data and a list of CIDs of its children.

At its simplest, the CID is a cryptographic hash, not of the file, but of its
first block. Even if the block has no children, it still has metadata indicating
this, so the hash doesn’t equal the hash of the file.

That’s the default behaviour; it’s possible to override the chunking behaviour
by storing the file as a raw binary using the
[Raw Leaves option](https://richardschneider.github.io/net-ipfs-engine/articles/fs/raw.html).
This limits the file size to the block size (default 256 kB, maximum 1 MB), but
that should be sufficient for most applications.

For **did:btc1** identifiers, files stored in IPFS SHALL be stored using the Raw
Leaves option.

The IPFS CIDv1 is a binary identifier constructed from the file hash as:

* 0x01, the code for CIDv1;
* 0x00, the [multicodec](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec) code for 
raw binary;
* 0x12, the [multihash](https://github.com/multiformats/multihash) code for
SHA-256; and

> * the SHA-256 of the file.

Reviewer: an example could be useful here
